Use SDK functions for managing Supervisor version on a device (#24)
balena-io/debugging-masterclass: README.md

way to achieve this is via a balenaOS update, either from the dashboard or via
the command line on the device.

> If updating balenaOS is not desirable or somehow the Supervisor does not update after a host app update this can be resolved by using the nodeJS SDK's [device.setSupervisorRelease](https://www.balena.io/docs/reference/sdk/node-sdk/#devicesetsupervisorreleaseuuidorid-supervisorversionorid-%E2%87%92-codepromisecode). This method contains varies checks to ensure that the update is performed in the safest manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If updating balenaOS is not desirable or a user prefers updating the supervisor independently, this can be resolved by using the Node.js SDK method [device.setSupervisorRelease](https://www.balena.io/docs/reference/sdk/node-sdk/#devicesetsupervisorreleaseuuidorid-supervisorversionorid-%E2%87%92-codepromisecode). This method contains various checks to ensure that the update is performed in the safest manner.
```

> You can write a script to manage this for a fleet of devices in combination with other SDK functions such as [device.getAll](https://www.balena.io/docs/reference/sdk/node-sdk/#devicegetalloptions-%E2%87%92-codepromisecode) or for single use instances you can quickly execute it by going to balenaCloud dashboard and open the developer tools console. In this enviornment the SDK is already available and contains your credentials so you just have to invoke the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can write a script to manage this for a fleet of devices in combination with other SDK functions such as [device.getAll](https://www.balena.io/docs/reference/sdk/node-sdk/#devicegetalloptions-%E2%87%92-codepromisecode). For single use instances you can quickly execute it in the developer tools console of the balenaCloud dashboard. In this environment the SDK is already available and contains your credentials so you just have to invoke the function.
```

In the following snippet we are setting our device to run Supervisor `v12.1.1`. Be sure to change the `<uuid>` to the device you're trying to update. After this request is made the device will begin to download and run the target Supervisor version.

```js
sdk.models.device.setSupervisorRelease('<uuid>', 'v12.1.1').then(function() { console.log('DONE!') });
```

> **Note:** You may recall using `update-resin-supervisor` for managing the Supervisor version on devices but we are no longer encouraging that you directly interact with it. Under the hood the device is still running this script though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** In order to use this method, you must have edit permissions on the device (i.e., more than just support access).
```

Author: Wow that was a big oversight on my part to not mention the permissions required.

Author: I guess we don't want to mention `update-resin-supervisor` at all anymore? I figured it might avoid some confusion of people saying "Wasn't there a script on device to do this?"

Reviewer: I'd prefer to drop all mentions as i think they'll cause more confusion than they'll resolve.

Author: Sounds good to me. Removed it.
